I built my personal brand on LinkedIn
going from 4,000 to 140,000 followers in
24 months. And I used that audience to
grow my SAS from 0ero to 6 million ARR
in 18 months with just three employees
and zero funding. The truth is LinkedIn
isn't just another marketing channel
anymore. For B2B founders, it's become
the highest ROI growth engine that
exists today. So today, I'm giving away
my complete LinkedIn course for free. It
covers the exact system I use to build
an audience that generates millions in
revenue every year for all of my
startups. Enjoy.
Building a personal brand on LinkedIn is
the fastest, most efficient, and highest
leverage way to grow a startup that has
ever existed. I'm living proof of it. In
18 months, I've gone from zero to
100,000 followers. And over the past six
months, I've launched and grown a brand
new SAS company called RB2B and gone
from 0 to 3 million ARR with zero
funding 100% through LinkedIn. Why is
LinkedIn so powerful all of a sudden?
Because today, the ability to create
great organic social media content
levels the playing field between the
largest companies in the world and a
soloreneur in their basement. How? If
you can create great organic social
content that your target market loves
and consumes daily, those are free ads.
Large companies have to pay for those
impressions. Your content creates a
humanto human connection at scale, which
a large company's ad simply does not.
Over time, your prospects feel like they
know you as a person, and you can open
conversations with thousands of
prospects a year who trust you so much
that they'll do anything you ask them
to. Creating great social media content
is hard work. But the good news is that
the key to cutting through the noise and
growing on LinkedIn is so surprisingly
simple. Anyone can do it. So, what's the
secret? You have to be unapologetically
authentic and tell your story clearly,
consistently, and constantly. This
course will teach you my six-step launch
on LinkedIn framework for creating
explosive audience, community, and
revenue growth. Step one is developing
your story so that your target market
has a clear understanding of who you
are, the niche you serve, and what you
stand for. Step two is perfecting your
profile to maximize your professional
credibility. Step three is my system for
consistently creating some of the best
content on the platform. Step four is
the strategies and tactics I use to grow
my audience from zero to 100,000
followers in just 18 months. Step five
is how you can use commenting to build a
community that you can eventually move
off the platform. Step six is how I use
video to create an even deeper humanto
human connection.
Before we start, I want to make a
gentleman's agreement with you. Follow
my guidelines for 30 days, which is just
16 total posts and 20 outbound
connection requests per day. And at the
end of 30 days, you'll start getting
several types of inbound that you were
not getting before. Number one, you'll
have created a pull recruiting
mechanism, meaning people will want to
work with you and they'll check you out
on LinkedIn. They'll read your posts and
they will have pre-sold themselves
before they even interview. Number two,
you'll have investors banging down the
door to invest in your company.
Although, I recommend you avoid this at
all costs because I'm a bootstrapper and
I think that VC is the enemy of the
founder. Number three, you'll have
potential partners in your ecosystem
reaching out with you to explore
different types of partnership
opportunities. And number four, if
you're lucky, you'll get inbound leads
for your business. But these four things
are not actually why you should stick
with it for 30 days. The biggest reason
to start posting and to keep it up for
30 days is because you'll be 30 days
closer to finding your voice on
LinkedIn. And once you found your voice,
you'll have unlocked what I've unlocked.
You'll be able to create great organic
content for your target audience that is
literally impossible for your large
customers to spend their way to
competing with. And that is the secret
to 0 to 3 million AR R in 6 months with
five people and zero funding and staying
bootstrapped all the way to 25 million
ARR. Do I have your attention? I am Adam
Robinson, founder and CEO of
Retention.com and RB2B and this is my
course LinkedIn secrets. Let's get
started.
To take your first step towards
dominating on LinkedIn, there's a
mindset shift that you have to make.
Today, people do business with people,
not companies. People are on social
media to connect with people, not
companies. I know you've heard this
before. Many of you brushed off as
common sense or just a feel-good line
for people trying to build tiny
businesses. But right now, I want you to
believe this to your core. It's the most
powerful truth of our time. There's
never been a moment in the history of
human communication like today. You have
just as much access to the platforms
where people are paying attention as any
big company, no matter how deep their
pockets are. But access is only part of
it. If you show up as your
unapologetically authentic self, you'll
outperform any brand heads down because
people are on social media to connect
with people, not with brands. Don't
believe me? Take a look at these two
LinkedIn posts. One from my competitor
and the market leader Six Sense and one
from me. The engagement numbers tell the
whole story. But even if you didn't see
those numbers, which post would you
rather engage with? That's the power of
LinkedIn. It lets you scale human to
human connection. Your customers humans.
The decision makers buying your product
humans. And if you hold their attention,
you've already won 80% of the game. The
result of all this, personal profiles
grow 10 times faster than company pages
and get exponentially more engagement.
Let's talk about how you can beat your
big company competitors on social. The
worst thing you could do is try to look
like those large companies. Don't make
some slick, sterile brand for yourself.
Don't create a logo with the same colors
everyone else is using. And don't even
think about making a pukeworthy
statement like this. Six sense revenue
AI reimagines the way revenue teams
create, manage, and convert pipeline
into revenue. Reimagines. Do you really
think your prospects are waking up today
thinking they need to reimagine
something? Give me a break. You already
have an advantage over any big company
out there. Your humanity, your flaws,
the adversity you face, and your
beliefs. You get to decide who the world
knows you as. So, choose wisely. Let's
dive in to how you can create that
person using the three C's. Number one,
you must be incredibly clear about who
you are. Number two, you must be
consistent about who that person is. And
number three, you must constantly
reinforce that story. And here's the
secret. The more authentic and human
that message is, the more vulnerable,
flawed, and relatable, the more your
message will cut through. Why? Because
big companies talk like that six cents
vomit I shared earlier. They just have
to. And small players are completely
unwilling to share their biggest
mistakes. This is true for all social
platforms, but it's especially true for
LinkedIn because it's a professional
network and people are always trying to
impress. To reiterate, no one is willing
to talk about the real problems they
encounter. If you're able to, you'll be
able to do something that less than 1%
of creators on LinkedIn can do, and that
will cut through. Here's an extreme
example of what I'm talking about. I did
a post about a big layoff we did, and
there are very few founders who would
post this. My executive team told me not
to. When I said I was going to, they
begged me to soften it by cutting out
the parts of the post about how we'd
fallen out of product market fit and
that we'd been unable to fix our churn
over the prior 18 months. I refused to
change it. Why? Because this is a level
of brutal honesty that few CEOs are even
willing to admit to themselves about
their business. And being able to be
this candid about our situation is one
of the things that makes my content
resonate so much with people. Did my
employees love it? They didn't love
reading it, but I want them to
understand the reality of the business
and why we did what we did as hard as it
is to read because I think it leads to
better long-term decision-making in the
end. Again, this is an extreme example.
If you have investors, you won't be able
to write stuff like this. If you have a
co-founder, you probably won't either.
But this is an example of being
vulnerable and authentic. If you can say
things to LinkedIn that you would say to
your spouse behind closed doors, it will
do better than anything any large
company could ever post. Why? Because
it's relatable and it's the actual
experience other people are having. And
here's a bonus, a little pro tip I got
from a prolific LinkedIn influencer
named Devin Reid. People behave on
LinkedIn like they behave at work. If
you can be a bit inappropriate on
LinkedIn, it really stands out.
Let's talk about developing your voice.
How you speak, how you write on social,
and what you choose to talk about. The
way you create your voice will decide
who cares about what you say and how
much they care. As prolific entrepreneur
and content creator Alex Ramoszi says,
"Do then talk about it." You may
not have an audience in the beginning,
but it will come over time as you
exercise the three C's. Again, you must
be incredibly clear about who you are.
You must be consistent about who that
person is, and you must constantly
reinforce that story. Here's another
reason people follow you. If you're
willing to share financial info, you'll
absolutely crush. Building in public
becomes way more interesting when you're
transparent with your finances. Next,
create one or two pillars around
building in public to really develop
your voice. I like to focus on topics
that are tangential to the problem that
you're solving. Meaning, all the
prospects who have the problem you're
solving also have the problems you're
talking about. These should be things
you can talk about easily because you've
got experience with them. You do them
daily. You think about them more than
other people and you're more excited
about them than basically anyone else.
You're not limited to this list. Your
pillars should make sense together based
upon the message you want to share with
your audience, but they don't have to be
super obvious. For example, if your
business was a CRM for salespeople at
auto dealerships, your pillars could be
building in public, how to attract,
train, and retain salespeople. And the
future of dealership sales, how AI is
going to change the way cars are sold.
But you could also do something like
this. Build in public, how to attract,
train, and retain salespeople. And life
lessons from the greatest salespeople of
all time and how it applies to car
sales. The key is that they're connected
in a way that makes sense. The pillars
that have worked so far for me are build
and public, the future of BDR, SDR, and
go to market, and bootstrapping versus
VC. Now, here's the secret that makes
these pillars magic. You can't just pick
pillars, start posting bland,
down-the-middle stuff, and expect people
to care about it. The most effective way
to stand out in any kind of media,
LinkedIn included, is to be polarizing.
How do you become polarizing? Russell
Brunson, one of the best content
creators of all time, explains it
through his prolific index framework. If
you're regurgitating mainstream ideas,
that's no good. You just get mixed up
with all the noise. If what you're
saying is too far out there in either
direction, people are just going to say
you're crazy. But if you can find a
sweet spot between mainstream and crazy
where people on your side love you but
on the other side hate you, that's where
the prolific content lives. My real life
experience with prolific content came
last year around Labor Day when I
started talking about how I got rid of
my BDR team and our pipeline generation
sped up. At the same time, all of SAS
was watching the effectiveness of their
own BDR teams go down month after month
after month. But it was too painful to
think about eliminating those massive
teams and the people that managed them
and the lives that depended on them. I
proposed the prolific idea that the
predictable revenue model was born in
2012 and died in 2023. That demand was
no longer created by SDRs and it was
merely captured by them. I said SAS
startups that focused on driving traffic
to their site and retargeting site
visitors every way possible was a new
way that was wildly more efficient but
far less predictable. The result, my
content has been living in the prolific
zone ever since. So what can you expect
from your initial efforts? The point
isn't to create a massive lead engine
initially. The point is to create a
landing page that creates an inbound
trustb buildinging machine. My friend
Curtis Matzco has a hundred million
dollar a year handbag business called
Portland Leathergoods. He spends 30
minutes per week recording videos on his
laptop that his assistant posts daily on
his feed. He gets under 10% of the
engagement I do and has never connected
the sale of a purse to his LinkedIn
presence. But his last three executive
hires have come from people who got to
know him by watching his quirky videos
and came directly to him. He's also got
an investment banker doing free finance
work for him because they want to sell
his company someday who got to know him
through those videos. Posting a few
times per week will give anybody and
everybody who wants to know about your
company a place to go that will make
them feel like they know, like, and
trust you. Then over time, you'll find
your voice, and that's where things get
really fun because you'll unlock the
true superpower of creating organic
social content that your prospects love.
So make a commitment. Start with 30
days. Watch yourself come alive on
LinkedIn and feel the benefit of the
automated trust building machine that
you create. Then as you continue one
year from now, you'll be in your stride
with a clear voice and a strong message
and an audience you're actively moving
into your pipeline. A great place to
start is building in public. As Alex
Ramoszi, probably the most popular
entrepreneur on the internet, says, "Do
then talk about it.
Your profile page is everything. When
people see your original content, spot
you engaging on influencers posts, or
get a connection invite from you,
they're going to click on your profile
and check you out. Don't blow that
chance to make a great first impression
and deliver your message. My LinkedIn
profile alone drives hundreds of inbound
leads for RB2B every month. That
wouldn't happen if I didn't have it set
up the right way. So, how do you set up
your profile to make the biggest impact
on your audience? Here's the thing. Most
of these changes are simple. Each one
boosts your profile's effectiveness just
a little. But when you add them all
together, the effect is massive. Here
are some tips I've been given along the
way about how to build a high value,
high trust LinkedIn profile page. First
is the headsh shot. Get a professional
head shot. Look straight at the camera
and have a solid background. It's best
if you're smiling. Banner. Create a
branded banner with a very clear value
proposition or offer and a call to
action. You can use Canva to do this,
even the free version. If you don't feel
like you have the skills or eye to make
it appealing, you can outsource it with
your favorite design site like Fiverr or
Upwork.
Headline. Create a clear description
that maximizes credibility and
accurately reflects what you do. Link.
You can set this up in the very top
section of your profile. You can use a
link or a custom button. Point it to
your website. If you have a special page
for cold traffic to convert them into a
front-end offer, even better. The about
section. Create an extremely detailed
about section that highlights your
professional accomplishments and area of
expertise. Do site very specific
professional accomplishments. Your
highlight reel. Use numbers when you
can. Build as much credibility as
humanly possible in the first line which
is above the fold. Do not be vague. This
is not a place to talk about who you
aspire to be. This is where you talk
about what you have done and why you are
a total badass. The featured section.
Put links that are direct response call
to action in your featured post section.
Build out your roles section. The more
detail about each role, the better.
Include detailed descriptions of your
past and present roles in companies. Add
any investments or advisory roles if
that applies. Add any professional
networks if you're a member of any of
them. Education. Add your education. Any
advanced degrees or certifications.
These still matter even though you're an
entrepreneur. Recommendations. Make sure
you have a recommendations from at least
three to four people. Do a swap with
them if necessary. Look, these are all
checkbox items. I'm not asking you to
reinvent the wheel here. Just make sure
you're using this real estate to its
full potential because your potential
customers are passing through. Don't
miss the chance to make an impression
that will lead to the next stage in your
relationship. So, how do you turn your
profile page into actual leads for your
business? With LinkedIn Premium, you can
actually see who looked at it. Those are
warm leads. Opening conversations with
these people will be exponentially
easier than opening a conversation with
a cold contact. This alone is a great
power of LinkedIn and one that you
should use to get your company started.
Before I continue, if you want to know
who's actually visiting your website
right now, install RB2B for free using
the first link below. We'll identify
your anonymous visitors and send their
LinkedIn profiles to your Slack so you
can connect with them while they're hot.
So again, click the link below and start
using RB2B for free. Now, back to the
course.
Writing consistently great posts, the
kind that rise above the sea of mediocre
gladhanding noise on LinkedIn, is your
superpower that most of your competitors
will never master. It's not easy, but
there's a method to it. It's not just
luck. Once you nail the method, you'll
be in a whole different league. Here's
how to write consistently great posts.
First things first, you got to get your
mindset right. You're not writing for an
algorithm. You're writing for an
audience. Sure, the algorithm isn't
totally irrelevant, but remember this,
the algorithm is designed to serve your
audience. So, focus on them. Always
write for your audience first. If you
can throw in a little something for the
algorithm to boost your exposure, great.
Make this the foundation of your
LinkedIn posting mindset. No matter how
the algorithm changes, the only solution
is to make better content.
I took this idea hunting 101 concept
from Andy Muborn, who runs a LinkedIn
30-day training program called Brand 30.
Idea Hunting 101 helps you figure out
what to write about. You know your
niche, which you have to post about
consistently and constantly. Here's a
little secret about posting on LinkedIn.
The best LinkedIn post answer questions
that people have about your niche. So,
you just need to find places where
people are asking questions about your
niche and figure out what they're
asking. Let's say I'm in the cold email
niche. I'll walk you through the five
ways I would generate ideas for things
to post about. The first thing I do is
study the best creators in the space.
For cold email, it's two guys named
Michael Lieben and Jesse Oollette. I'd
spend several hours looking through
their last 90 days of posts. I'd write
down all the topics they're posting
about in a spreadsheet. I would then
figure out which topics I could muster
up a prolific polarizing take about. I
would never take all of their ideas. I'd
come up with my own version of the post
of the topics they're talking about,
then follow my postwriting tactics to
come up with a great hook, use a good
template, and have a strong close. After
I got a handful of ideas from the best
creators, I'd turn to AI. I'd go to
Gemini, which is powered by Google
Search and YouTube search. I'd type the
following into the search bar. What are
the most common questions people have
about cold email? The response it gives
back to me. How do I write a compelling
subject line? What should I write about
in the body of my cold email? How often
should I follow up on a cold email? How
can I improve my cold email reply rates?
If you actually were in the cold email
niche, you should have extensive
knowledge and data about each of these
questions. And if you can get into the
prolific zone, they will make great
LinkedIn post. I'd add this to my
spreadsheet with a list of topics to
write about. Then I'd go to Reddit and
do the same thing. I'd search for Reddit
threads about cold email. Then go
through the questions and see what
people are asking. Between these three
sources alone, you should have more than
enough post ideas for your first 30
days. If you don't, dig back into the
leading creators in the space. Go back a
year to see what they were writing then
and resurface some of their top content
from a year ago with your spin on it.
Posts are about nailing a hook, using a
template, delivering a takeaway, and
wrapping it up with a close that's
either koi, compelling, controversial,
or emotional. Something that drives
engagement. There's not just one way to
create a great LinkedIn post. You want
to experiment and find what works best
for you and your audience. That said, I
recommend you stick with one approach
for a while and get consistent with it.
Then once you see it's working, you can
start mixing things up. The first step,
study a great LinkedIn creator and
create a swipe file. Spend two hours
straight digging into the best LinkedIn
post from influencers in your space. And
I'm not talking about mindless
scrolling. I'm talking about finding the
best examples you can use as
inspiration. If you're not familiar with
the term swipe file, it's meant to save
you from the pain of staring at the
blank screen wondering what to write.
When you have a swipe file, you'll have
some examples of your favorite hooks,
expressions of your brand, killer
closes, and strong calls to action all
in one place. Take those two hours to
build version one of your swipe file. If
you're looking for places to start, I
look to Chris Walker for hooks, Nigel
Thomas for templates, and my own posts
for closes.
By the way, a hook is what grabs
attention at the top of your post. On
LinkedIn, it's everything before the
more button. Writing a great hook is the
most important part of posting on
LinkedIn. It's what shows LinkedIn that
people want to read your post. The goal
of the hook, to get them to click more.
Hooks are about establishing credibility
and saying something bold enough so that
they have to keep reading. Always write
like no one's ever heard of you before
and try to build the most credibility
possible because most people seeing your
posts don't have any idea who you are.
What are some hooks that I use to build
credibility with people who don't know
me? Here's an example. I spoke to 20
CEOs over the past 30 days. Anybody can
use some version of this hook. It gives
you credibility because you're speaking
to important people and you're now a
broker of information. Another example
is I bootstrapped 20 million ARR in
three and a half years. This gives me
credibility because very few people have
bootstrapped 20 million ARR and even
fewer have done it in three and a half
years. Another is I just audited a 50
million AR SAS with monthly ad spend of
X. This is a Chris Walker hook. 50
million is a big number and it's
credible because he's on the inside of a
very successful business and everybody
wants the inside scoop. You'll also
notice that I try to use as many numbers
as possible in my LinkedIn hooks because
LinkedIn loves numbers.
Templates help you write content in a
way that LinkedIn likes. I use the list
plus two sentences or it could be
bullets template a lot. It looks like
this. For more templates, check out
Nigel Thomas's posts. He uses several
different templates on repeat. Now, once
you've really mastered the art of
writing post, you can ditch the
templates altogether. Chris Walker, for
example, he just writes, but until you
reach that level, lean on your
templates. Within your template, here's
what you should do every single time.
Agitate a specific painoint in the post.
Offer a solution and tie it together
with a strong takeaway. That's how you
create a mini hero's journey, all within
the post.
For example, I often talk about how BDR
isn't working anymore. I agitate that
pain by describing the frustration
founders and sales leaders are feeling
watching their companies and teams stall
or even go backwards. I tap into that
fear that this is a problem that they
can't solve. And then I offer them a new
way forward. Inbound, let outbound.
End each post with a koi close that
gives people a dopamine hit, meaning you
agitated their pain. You provided a
takeaway that offers a solution. And the
last line is clever and gives them a
warm and fuzzy feeling that inspires
them to engage with the post. Here's a
takeaway and close of a post I call the
great SAS pipeline crisis of 2023 to 24.
Takeaway: The predictable revenue model,
born in 2012, died in 2023. Anything
your reps did to create pipeline 24
months ago produces 50% of the result.
Luckily, certain pipeline generation
tactics are working better than ever.
There's a new model centered around
seale executives creating content that
cuts through, which builds trust over
months, if not years, directly with the
market. Signalbased selling allows you
to nudge prospects down the funnel,
capturing them when they're ready to
buy. You close more ARR, grow faster
because your reps are senior, can handle
more, and have been around a long time,
and make fewer mistakes. Plus, sales
cycles are twothirds shorter because
your reps aren't spending time with
people who aren't ready to buy. Your
company culture improves dramatically
because hyperefficient companies are fun
to work in, and you don't have a single
person who isn't crushing it. It's a
push model versus a pull model. One side
of the equation isn't feeling the
pipeline crisis. In 2024, poll wins. Do
not say let's continue the conversation
in the comments or ask some stupid
question. This isn't 2012.
Writing posts is only part of the magic
of LinkedIn, although it's probably the
most important. Those posts will drive
the effectiveness of the other things
you do to build your audience and create
pipeline for your business. In this
section, we're going to talk about some
of those other things like how you do a
connect campaign. Campaign step one,
create your prospect list. Create a list
of 100 to 250 of your absolute best
prospects. Campaign step two, connect
with your prospect list. Starting with
10 to 20 per day, send outbound
connection requests with no message. We
see very high accept rates on those
requests. Your connect rate may go up as
you grow your audience. The more active
and familiar you are to these people,
the more likely they'll be to accept
your connection request. And by the way,
you can work up to 50 per day, but be
careful with automation because it's
technically against LinkedIn terms and
you can get booted. Step three, engage
with your prospect list. When a prospect
accepts, they'll start getting served
your content. Wait for them to engage in
something you've written, then DM them.
Hey, first name, thanks for the like or
comment, depending on it was. How are
things going at whatever their company
is? The response rate will be very high,
usually north of 60%. This is the most
effective way to open conversations at
scale. Once your audience gets larger
and your content gets better, you'll get
so many inbound connection requests that
you'll stop doing outbound. Only accept
ideal customer profile contact requests.
You'll get a lot of requests from people
who are going to want to sell you. Learn
to recognize them. Don't accept them not
to be a jerk, but because you want to
start building a concentrated audience
of people in your ICP. After accepting a
connection request, message them and
ask, "Hey, first name, what caught your
attention?
Follow up with, "How are things going at
their company?" Have patience. Don't
start pitching. Wait 60 days. This
patience is what will separate you from
the people who connect and then pitch 10
minutes later. They think they're being
patient if they wait 48 hours or even 5
days. You wait 60 days. Let this person
see your content, get to know you, and
feel comfortable with your intentions.
When you reach out to ask for a meeting,
they'll say yes because by then you'll
be famous to them from all the content
they've seen in their feed.
Step five in this process is to create a
community. Community is a powerful
concept because of the relationships
people build inside community are built
upon shared values and ideas that
brought them together. When you build a
community on LinkedIn, those values and
ideas are what you share in your organic
social media posts and your comments on
other people's posts. The platform
doesn't matter. We're talking about
LinkedIn, but community building works
the same on any platform. Once you build
audience around your ideas, probably the
pillars we talked about in step one
three, you can move that community to
another platform. LinkedIn is an
incredible place to build your community
through comments. In my world, this now
happens in comments on my posts. I try
to answer every single comment that gets
left for me, and it's typically 100
comments per post or more. As a result
of the dialogue that I've created with
people in my comments, when I go to in
real life events, I meet tons of people
I already know online. These commenters
also help me figure out RB2B's pricing.
We had a massive problem where we had
3,000 free signups and only 13 paying
customers. I posted about it constantly
and the commenters helped me find
pricing that got us to a 10% free to
paid conversion rate and helped us grow
from 0 to 3 million ARR in 6 months with
just five people. Creating community
through comments is one of the most
important features on LinkedIn. You
won't have 100 comments on your posts
when you start out. So, what should you
do? You should make a list of
influential people in your space and
comment at least 100 times per week on
their posts. Do not use an AI tool to
write regurgitations of a post and ask a
question at the end. I hate that and so
do they. The more thoughtful and
consistent your comments are, the more
you'll start to be remembered by the
creator and the more their audience will
eventually be attracted to your content.
Spend as much or more time commenting
every week as you spend writing. This is
the key to coming alive on the platform
and will pay off big over the long run.
You should also be connecting with 10 to
20 people in your ICP every day, no
matter what. My friend Megan Bowen has
spent the last four years connecting to
20 people in her ICP every single day
manually. Over four years, she's
connected to virtually every single one
of her prospects, thousands of them. At
the same time, she's been posting great
content, which drives inbound connection
requests from the same ICP. And what's
the result? Four years later, she has
30,000 followers and has created the
automated trust building machine that
generates leads, partnerships, and
investment opportunities for her agency
month in and month out. LinkedIn is the
single best conversation opening tool
that has ever existed. You should feel
free to connect with and start
conversations with anyone who one has
viewed your profile page, two has viewed
your company page, three has engaged,
either liked or commented on a post you
made, or four has replied to a comment
that you made in their post. But when
you reach out, do not pitch slap them.
The idea is that you start relationships
with hundreds of people at a time and
over time your content will allow you to
make that thousands and even tens of
thousands of relationships. That is when
LinkedIn goes from a great tool to truly
magical.
Now, this next step, it's a next level
tactic. At the time I'm recording this,
it's not a requirement for getting
started. But here's the thing. Pay very
close attention to LinkedIn's mobile
video feed feature that's currently in
testing. It's clear that LinkedIn's
thinking more and more about video, and
this could soon be something that you
have to do as part of your strategy as
they continue to push video content. If
you're in the community, stay plugged
in. If you're not in the community yet,
join us because we'll be keeping a close
eye on this trend and developing the
best tactics for the everchanging
LinkedIn landscape. I believe there's
immense power in getting people to watch
and listen to you talk about anything
intelligent. Your status will go up in
their head. Period. I've tried to
emulate Chris Walker's video format
because he has massive success posting
video on LinkedIn. I think his videos
done so well because it's a step up from
someone in their bedroom filming on
their iPhone, but it's not super
produced. Chris is also an engaging
speaker and he has a strong polarizing
view and it's also fun to listen to his
takes on issues that he speaks about.
Here's how I create my videos. It's
important that you have a process
because adding video does create a lot
of extra work. I'll write my post first.
that gets the topic in my head and it's
much easier for me to talk about it in
an intelligent way. Then I record a free
flowing monologue where I look through
the bullet points on my post and
elaborate on them whatever way I feel is
the most interesting. The video content
and the post content end up being
slightly different, which I think is a
good thing. What tools do I use? I
record on Riverside and get them edited
on Upwork for 250 bucks each. Video is
not a requirement. I would recommend
holding off on video until you found
your voice and you're getting strong
engagement. Like I said earlier, stay
active in the community. The LinkedIn
video situation is evolving fast, and
we're going to be right there figuring
it all out as it happens.
As you finish this course, I need to be
straight with you. Here's what usually
happens. You close your laptop, walk
away fired up, fully intending to put
everything into action. But life
happens. Other things start feeling
urgent and a year from now, you're still
in the same place you are today. No more
social leverage, no extra fuel driving
your growth. Don't let that be you. Make
a commitment right now. Lock it in your
calendar. If it's not too late already,
do it today before you go to bed.
Protect that time. Stick to the process.
Keep learning and growing for the next
12 months. And remember, you don't have
to do this alone. Dive into the
community, share what you're learning,
and get real feedback from me and others
walking the same path. I've given you
everything I can up to this point. Now,
it's your turn. I'll see you in the
community.
Now, if you're serious about using
LinkedIn to grow your SAS, then you need
to know exactly who's engaging with your
content and visiting your website.
That's where RB2B comes in. We identify
your anonymous website visitors at the
person level and send their LinkedIn
profiles straight to your Slack
completely free. Think about it. You're
spending all this time building your
LinkedIn presence, driving your traffic
to your site. But 97% of those visitors
leave without a trace. RB2B lets you see
exactly who they are, connect with them
on LinkedIn, and message them when your
brand is fresh in their mind. You can
install RB2B for free using the first
link in the description and you'll start
identifying your website visitors in
under five minutes. So, click that link
below and start turning your LinkedIn
traffic into actual revenue. And if you
want to see how I generate over $160,000
per month for my SAS with cold email,
watch this video